This directory contains a Connectionless version of ISODE.  

*** It does not compile ***

It is put here as a place marker.  The work is based on ISODE-4.0, so
will need some development to get it working with this version of
ISODE.  However the changes should not be that drastic.

If anybody is interested in doing any work to integrate this, please
lets us know (bug-isode@xtel.co.uk). 
If nobody is interested it will be droped from future releases.


------------- ORIGINAL README FOLLOWS ------------------
This directory tree archives an implementation of ISODECL - Iso
Development Environment ConnectionLess - built from the connection
oriented ISODE as part of the High Performance Upper Layers (HULA)
project.

ISODECL supports ROS over a UNIT-DATA protocol stack and uses UDP as a
network provider for the connectionless ISO transport layer.

ISODECL is not completely independent of ISODE.  It links in the ISODE
librarieslibrosy.a and libisode.a to get code common to both.  This
includes directories rosy, pepy, compat, psap and util.

ISODECL directories rousap, acusap, pusap2, susap, and tusap, under
root directory isodecl, replace ISODE directories rosap, acsap, psap2,
ssap, and tsapunder root directory isode-4.0.  Directory hulatest
contains client/server boilerplate and 2 test services and replaces
ISODE directory imisc.  Directory hholds include files for both ISODE
and ISODECL.

See ISODE file isode-4.0/READ-ME for the details of making ISODE for
the machinetype, setting up files config/CONFIG.make and h/config.h.
These files control the switches used in building the libraries by
executing "./make here in root directory isodecl.  The code archived
here was built on Wang PC 380s running under Microport UNIX with
Excelan cards and used switches SYS5, TCP and EXOS.
